What is up guys and Malcolm X now in this video I'm going to be showing you that.
What are the requirements for a website.
OK.
Like when we want to build a website we have to complete every requirement that is necessary for events
or to there are two things that are required for the website.
The first one is the domain name and the second one is the Web Hosting.
OK so the domain name and the Web Hosting you can get for free and you can also get for like $150 as
well.
OK.
Now why you should go over the paid one.
I want to tell you this.
OK.
So free web hosting would be just for the learning purposes like if you want to learn it you can go
to the free web hosting and then you can install WordPress in it and then you can basically learn that
how everything works and how can you how to avoid press works in these.
OK.
And debate about hosting is used for professional purposes like when you want to just start your own
company right now and you think OK I just want to start my own company.
Like what.
Most of the people are here for.
OK.
And so also you care about the data because the free web hosting servers are very slow like but you
will start receiving some traffic to your website like 100 viewers per day then your site will be or
your account will be suspended by the Freedom hosting and the paid web hosting like you will receive
a lot a lot of viewers.
Your website will not be just like suspended and your website will be live because you have paid for
it.
OK.
That is why this is the difference between the web hosting.
OK so what is a web hosting and how you can get it and how he can go with the paid of hosting and how
we can go for the free posting.
I am going to tell you each and everything but if you want to go with my suggestion that I would say
like if you care about your data if you care about your everything then go with the paid hosting.
But if you just cheer for learning purposes and you dont care if your website goes down or if your account
gets just like it deleted you don't care.
And then you can go get the free hosting.
So lets get started.
Now what is the web hosting and why is it a necessity.
You can see that I am here in this Google dot com.
OK.
This Google dot com is called the domain name.
And what.
Everything coming inside here is called the hosting.
Like you can see this is the image if I just drag it and drop it right above here you can see Tay's
slash images branding Google logo 1x and Google color and then there's this.
So this is basically stored somewhere.
Guys like you can see that this is the image and if I just copy this link and I just paste it anywhere
and if I go to New job and then I just paste it you can see this image is going to appear because this
image is stored in the hosting of the Google CEO.
OK.
So this is how it works guys.
So you have to buy this hosting or you can go over the free one in order to get started right now.
Seems like this if you just go to Facebook dot com then Facebook dot com is basically a domain name
like you can get a domain name and hosting is inside of this so you can see that this is the image that
we have right here.
OK.
If I just drag this and I just drop it right here.
Let me just open this up.
And now if I just tried this and I just drop it right here.
There you can see that this is the image that is coming.
And this is the part where this image is stored and everything is coming here.
You can see that this image is stored somewhere.
Guys.
OK.
This is how the hosting works.
Like if I just open up any other web site.
Let's just go ahead and let's open you to me.
OK.
I'll tell you what I mean the outcome.
So you to me dot com is also a site and pay you can see that we have this image right here.
So this image is stored in the web hosting if I just drag it and drag it drop it right above.
You can see that it is downloading right now.
But if I open a tab this image will be coming up here.
So everything that is coming inside the website is basically hosted in the web.
Hosting.
Now it might be so confusing to you right now.
But when people get started with it then people just get started you will understand it much better.
So let's just go ahead and in the next video I will show you how can you basically just go with the
the of web hosting and can you just start your website professionally like investing $150 for a big
Web site like you can build unlimited web sites and do that web hosting and then Web Hosting will also
give you like 45 day money back guarantee so that if you change your mind or if you think that you don't
need hosting anymore or if you change your mind creating Web sites like you thing.
No I don't want to build a web site.
I will hire any developer or something like that.
And I will pay him.
Then you can just go ahead and get the refunds so they give you the 100 percent money back guarantee
for 45 days so you can try that if you want to go with the professional model.
So in the next video I'll show you how can you basically go over the pain of hosting and in the next
next video I'll show you how can you go with the free web hosting and get set up video Web site and
also install WordPress so stadium guys and Buh-Bye.